# ee186_lab4

1. The different resolutions you can set for the ADC are 12, 10, 8, and 6 bit resolutions.  The max sampling rate for 12 bit resolution is 5.33 Msps,  6.15 Msps for 10 bit resolution, 7.27 Msps for 8 bit resolution, 8.88 Msps for 6 bit resolution. I found this information on section 6 (ADC)  of the MCU data sheet.
2. You need a voltage divider circuit, in order to correlate the voltage value picked up by the ADC to the resistance value of the photroresistor (which correlates to light intensity). If we connected the photodiode directly between Vin and Gnd, the voltage measured across it would be the same as Vin no matter the light intensity, which means that without a voltage divider we aren’t told anything meaningful. On the other hand, with the divider, the voltage measured across the photoresistor is a function of the ratio of the photoresistor resistance vs total resistance. As the voltage varies, that means the photoresistor resistance is varying, which means that light intensity is varying, so we are able to capture meaningful data on how much light the photoresistor is facing.
3. With B = 9 for a DAC with 12 bit resolution, Vout = Vref (0/2 + 0/4 + 0/8 + 0/16 + 0/32 + 0/64 + 0/128 + 0/256 + 1/512 + 0/1024 + 0/2048 + 1/4096) = [only bits 3 and 0 are on]  Vref(9/4096)
4. The sampling rate of the DAC affects the quality of the output waveform by not accurately reconstructing it if the sampling rate isn’t high enough. A sine wave has the most distinct/clearest sound perception since it is made up of a single tone/frequency. However, sawtooth and square waves are comprised of many frequencies (theoertically infinitely many in fact due to the vertical edges in these waves), so it’s harder to make out these tones. A capacitor is needed to decouple the dc component of the waveform since it provides a low impedance path for the ac waveform, while a very high impedance path for the dc component of the waveform to avoid receiving a biased waveform.
